

Introduction

Welcome to The Grocers

Our Privacy Policy governs your visit to The Grocers android application, and explains how we collect, safeguard and disclose information that results from your use of our Service.

We use your data to provide and improve Service. By using Service, you agree to the collection and use of information in accordance with this policy. Unless otherwise defined in this Privacy Policy, the terms used in this Privacy Policy have the same meanings as in our Terms and Conditions.

Our Terms and Conditions (“Terms”) govern all use of our Service and together with the Privacy Policy constitutes your agreement with us (“agreement”).

Definitions

PERSONAL DATA means data about a living individual who can be identified from those data (or from those and other information either in our possession or likely to come into our possession).

USAGE DATA is data collected automatically either generated by the use of Service or from Service infrastructure itself.

DATA PROCESSORS (OR SERVICE PROVIDERS) means any natural or legal person who processes the data on behalf of the Data Controller. We may use the services of various Service Providers in order to process your data more effectively.

DATA SUBJECT is any living individual who is the subject of Personal Data.

THE USER is the individual using our Service. The User corresponds to the Data Subject, who is the subject of Personal Data.

Information Collection and Use

We collect several different types of information for various purposes to provide and improve our Service to you.

Types of Data Collected

Personal Data

While using our Service, we may ask you to provide us with certain personally identifiable information that can be used to contact or identify you (“Personal Data”). Personally identifiable information may include, but is not limited to:

0.1. Email address

0.2. First name and last name

0.3. Phone number

0.4. Address, Country, State, Province, ZIP/Postal code, City

Location Data

We may use and store information about your location if you give us permission to do so (“Location Data”). We use this data to provide features of our Service, to improve and customize our Service.

You can enable or disable location services when you use our Service at any time by way of your device settings.

Use of Data

The Grocers uses the collected data for various purposes:

0.1. to provide and maintain our Service;

0.2. to notify you about changes to our Service;

0.3. to allow you to participate in interactive features of our Service when you choose to do so;

0.4. to provide customer support;

0.5. to gather analysis or valuable information so that we can improve our Service;

0.6. to monitor the usage of our Service;

0.7. to fulfil any other purpose for which you provide it;

0.8. to carry out our obligations and enforce our rights arising from any contracts entered into between you and us, including for billing and collection;

0.9. to provide you with notices about your account and/or subscription, including expiration and renewal notices, email-instructions, etc.;

0.10. to provide you with news, special offers and general information about other goods, services and events which we offer that are similar to those that you have already purchased or enquired about unless you have opted not to receive such information;

0.11. in any other way we may describe when you provide the information;

0.12. for any other purpose with your consent.

Security of Data

The security of your data is important to us but remember that no method of transmission over the Internet or method of electronic storage is 100% secure. While we strive to use commercially acceptable means to protect your Personal Data, we cannot guarantee its absolute security.

Please note, you are entitled to ask us to provide you with this information up to two times in a rolling twelve-month period. When you make this request, the information provided may be limited to the personal information we collected about you in the previous 12 months.

0.1. To delete your personal information. If you make this request, we will delete the personal information we hold about you as of the date of your request from our records and direct any service providers to do the same. In some cases, deletion may be accomplished through de-identification of the information. If you choose to delete your personal information, you may not be able to use certain functions that require your personal information to operate.

0.2. To stop selling your personal information. We don’t sell or rent your personal information to any third parties for any purpose. We do not sell your personal information for monetary consideration. You are the only owner of your Personal Data and can request disclosure or deletion at any time.

Service Providers

We may employ third party companies and individuals to facilitate our Service (“Service Providers”), provide Service on our behalf, perform Service-related services or assist us in analysing how our Service is used.

These third parties have access to your Personal Data only to perform these tasks on our behalf and are obligated not to disclose or use it for any other purpose.

Analytics

We may use third-party Service Providers to monitor and analyze the use of our Service.

Links to Other Sites

Our Service may contain links to other sites that are not operated by us. If you click a third party link, you will be directed to that third party’s site. We strongly advise you to review the Privacy Policy of every site you visit.

We have no control over and assume no responsibility for the content, privacy policies or practices of any third party sites or services.

Children’s Privacy

Our Services can be used by children under the age of 18 (“Child” or “Children”). Children can enjoy content and features on The Grocers without directly providing contact information. However, children who wish to purchase products from our application may need to provide information such as first name, user name, phone number and city and state of residence. For more information, see the information we collect automatically section of our general Privacy Policy.

If we knowingly collect, use, or disclose contact information collected from a child, we will provide notice and obtain parental consent in accordance with applicable law.

We do not condition a child’s participation in an online activity on the child’s providing more contact information than is reasonably necessary to participate in that activity.

Changes to This Privacy Policy

We may update our Privacy Policy from time to time. We will notify you of any changes by posting the new Privacy Policy on this page.

We will let you know via email and/or a prominent notice on our Service, prior to the change becoming effective and update “effective date” at the top of this Privacy Policy.

You are advised to review this Privacy Policy periodically for any changes. Changes to this Privacy Policy are effective when they are posted on this page.

Contact Us

If you have any questions about this Privacy Policy, please contact us by email: thegrocers101@gmail.com
